src/pages/works/canvaenterprise.md, before:

<!--{
	"template": "work",
	"data": "projects_byid.canvaenterprise"
}-->

# Canva Enterprise

![screenshot](../img/canvaenterprise_1.jpg)

One of my first projects at Canva was a page that showcases **Canva Enterprise**. I was responsible for the dev work on its front page.

It has some cool animations.

<span class="bleed">
	<video muted autoplay loop>
		<source src="../video/canvaenterprise_2.mp4">
		<a href="../video/canvaenterprise_2.mp4">Video</a>
	</video>
</span>

The animations were implemented using a bunch of CSS 3D transforms, animations, and some JS to orchestrate it all.

I enjoyed animating the whole scene and doing all the little details (like how the shadows respond to the sheets' heights). Kudos to our designers for the neat concept.

<span class="d3d"><span class="mockup-phone">![phone view](../img/canvaenterprise_3.jpg)
<span class="phone-body"></span>
</span></span>

Halfway through the project, it was handed over to another dev, as I needed to focus elsewhere. So the inner screens (survey part) weren’t done by me. All of it was done in a little over a month.

[See it live on Canva!](https://about.canva.com/enterprise)

Commit message:

Update links to about.camva.com/enterprise (superseded by new version)

src/pages/works/canvaenterprise.md, after:

<!--{
	"template": "work",
	"data": "projects_byid.canvaenterprise"
}-->

# Canva Enterprise

![screenshot](../img/canvaenterprise_1.jpg)

One of my first projects at Canva was a page that showcases **Canva Enterprise**. I was responsible for the dev work on its front page.

It has some cool animations.

<span class="bleed">
	<video muted autoplay loop>
		<source src="../video/canvaenterprise_2.mp4">
		<a href="../video/canvaenterprise_2.mp4">Video</a>
	</video>
</span>

The animations were implemented using a bunch of CSS 3D transforms, animations, and some JS to orchestrate it all.

I enjoyed animating the whole scene and doing all the little details (like how the shadows respond to the sheets' heights). Kudos to our designers for the neat concept.

<span class="d3d"><span class="mockup-phone">![phone view](../img/canvaenterprise_3.jpg)
<span class="phone-body"></span>
</span></span>

Halfway through the project, it was handed over to another dev, as I needed to focus elsewhere. So the inner screens (survey part) weren’t done by me. All of it was done in a little over a month.

Update: So there's [a newer version of the page now.](https://about.canva.com/enterprise) You can still see [my project's version on archive.org.](https://web.archive.org/web/20190401230423/https://about.canva.com/enterprise/)
